chore(curriculum): add pseudo-classes and elements transcripts (#58474)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-pseudo-classes-and-pseudo-elements-in-css/672bbe9171a5cca90f2edeea.md

Watch the lecture video and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What are examples of element user action pseudo-classes?

User feedback is a crucial element of web design. For instance, it's important for users to receive visual cues when they interact with elements on a website, such as hovering over a button or clicking a link. This feedback helps users understand the state of interactive elements, like indicating whether a link has been visited or not.

User action pseudo-classes in CSS are special keywords that allow you to provide this kind of feedback without needing JavaScript or other programming languages.

These pseudo-classes include `:hover`, `:active`, `:focus`, and `:visited`, among others. They enable you to change the appearance of elements based on user interactions, improving the overall user experience.

> Let’s dive into some of the user action pseudo-classes we have and see how they work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's dive into some of the user action pseudo-classes we have and see how they work.
```

}
```

The `:checked` pseudo-class in CSS allows you to style form elements such as checkboxes and radio buttons when they are selected (checked). This pseudo-class is useful for customizing the appearance of these elements to enhance user experience, even though browsers provide default styles for them.

Here's the kind of checkbox you usually check to agree to terms on a website:

```html
<form>
  Agree <input class="checkbox" type="checkbox" />
</form>
```

Here's how you can use the `:checked` pseudo-class to indicate to the user that it is checked:

```css
.checkbox:checked {
  appearance: none;
  width: 12px;
  height: 12px;
  background-color: red;
}
```

In this example, we are using the `appearance` property set to `none` to remove the default styling applied by the browser to checkbox inputs. When the user checks the box, it will have a background color of red.

Other examples of action pseudo-classes are:

`:focus-within`: for applying styles to an element when it or any of its descendants have focus.

`:enabled`: for targeting form buttons or other elements that are currently enabled.

`:disabled`: for targeting form buttons or other elements that are disabled.

> `:target`: for applying styles to an element that is the target of a URL fragment (the part of a URL after the # symbol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`:target`: for applying styles to an element that is the target of a URL fragment (the part of a URL after the `#` symbol).
```
